# Extraterrestrial-Settlements
Sending a thousand Starships for a million people to Mars isn't the future
We don't have the resources to support it. 1200 tons of propellant (SpaceX). On top of that, sending humans bare to Mars as settlers is a death sentence spelled letter by letter - a trip to a hostile environment with limited resources and no way back. Let's take the issue apart:
1. Mars' surface isn't smooth as a landing pad. We can't expect to land a rocket on Mars with little to no difference from a landing on Earth. The Martian surface is incredibly rocky and uneven.
2. How are we going to support a society of 100 people per rocket? How many more rockets do we need in addition to the one thousand for human delivery to supply all of them? What's the environmental and financial cost of all this?
3. How are we going to build a settlement on Mars? Using inflatables? We need structures, buildings, electricity, a greenhouse... etc. We can't build all that with 100 people on an extremely limited resource supply in good time. 
4. One thousand 5000 ton rockets, each needing 1200 tons of fuel per launch. Sure if the rockets are reusable, but what about fuel costs? How much liquid methane and oxygen do we need? Where are we going to get all of it? The fuel by itself is an alarm screaming a climate catastrophe.
The mindset of building something bigger and bigger has already been proven completely ineffective. The ratio between weight and feasibility isn't linear, it's negative exponential. The bigger whatever it is gets, the less and less feasible it is. The bigger our rockets get, the less feasible they are due to a variety of factors. We need to look smaller and more efficient, not more powerful. That 500,000 ton dreadnought will never do as much damage as a fleet of destroyers of the equivalent price. 
